
1. **Calendar Map** shows when a contributor has been working on his projects. It is intended for project managers, but also visitors to get a sens of the the GitHub public activity of a given user. The data used is a list of commits `GET /repos/:owner/:repo/commits` filtered by timestamp into an univariate time series (using timestamp). The main design flaw is that if there are a lot of commits during one day, it impacts the visual intensity of other commits and make them less visible.
	
2. **Contributors to a repository** shows who contributed to a repository, and when. Intended for project managers, contributors and visitors interested in a single project. It is created with the same data as before. The main flaw is if a user has an important activity, it may impact the relative size of others. However, brushing and linking interaction may help to filter out those peaks.

		
3. **Commits Activity** shows the distribution of commits for a given project, both for a long time period and during a single week. It aggregated commits from `GET /repos/:owner/:repo/commits`. Intended for project manager to get details about specific weeks of activity. The main flaw is that the line chart should be a bar chart, that interaction is required to get all the details and finally animations are not properly done.
	
4. **Code Frequency** intended for projects managers to look at patterns between added/deleted code over time. Data can be obtained using `GET /repos/:owner/:repo/commits` and then using `GET /repos/:owner/:repo/compare/:base...:head` to compare those commits. With the current visualization, it is difficult to compare adds and deletes. Line chart is not the best choice neither.
	
5. **Punch Card** shows for each day, the number of commits. Intended for project manager to figure out when the team is most likely to contribute. It uses the same data `GET /repos/:owner/:repo/commits` but with a finer grain of aggregation, by hour. The main flaw is that it is difficult to compare shapes (circles), and thus finding min or max values.
		
6. **Pulse** shows recent activity and statistics on current pull requests and issues. It is useful for visitors, while project manager would need a more global overview to make any decision. It gets the list of pull requests from `GET /repos/:owner/:repo/pulls` and then filter by most recent. The use of color is not consistent (i.e. between published and proposed). The time filter selection may sometimes not be well suited if activity is very old or very recent.

6. **GitHub Network Graph** shows the branching activity of a repository's users, over time. This is useful for a project manager who is in charge of merging branches. Data can be fetched from `GET /repos/:owner/:repo/forks`, `GET /repos/:owner/:repo/branches`, and then inspect every single commits identified with a unique SHA. Too many recent commits will clutter the graph, with nodes and links overlapping. Horizontal scrolling provides navigation and does not change the size of the graph. It could be improved with a single horizontal scrollbar. Also, a better navigation mechanisms to follow a given path (so far, it can only be done visually) would be a great improvement. 

**All the Visualization** A recurring design issue with all the visualization is the time scale. An important activity during a day or for a specific user may make the visualization difficult to read.